Seat backs up,
fasten your seatbelts.
Let me get your seat back.
This needs to go up.
And fasten your seatbelt, sir.
- Seatbelt?
- Yeah.
Just more government
interference.
Next thing you know,
they won't let me have
an abortion on the plane.
Oh, okay. I'm glad I could help.
Um, and, sir, if you just wanna
- close your laptop there.
- Oh, yeah.
- And then if you just wanna
turn your phone off. Thanks.
- Sure. Yeah. Okay. Got it.
At this time we ask you
to fasten all seatbelts
and turn off
all electronic devices
as we prepare for takeoff.
Hey, Larr.
What's up with Lewis?
I thought he was coming to
Atlanta with us for the trial.
Oh, no.
He left two days earlier.
- So he's there now?
- Yeah.
He went out with this woman
30 years ago.
They broke up.
She lives in Atlanta now,
so he's gonna see her.
- Rekindling?
- Rekindling.
I hope it works out for him.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure it's gonna work out.
Larry, when we get in the air,
I'm gonna watch
your little show Seinfeld.
- Never seen it.
- Oh, yeah? It's about time.
I'm gonna watch that shit.
I'll tell you how it is.
I'm not really interested
in your opinion.
- What do you mean?
- I don't consider you a person.
We'll see.
- Excuse me, sir?
- Oh.
Someone let me know
that your phone is still on.
We need to put that on
airplane mode or stow it away.
Who would do
something like that?
I'm not gonna disclose that.
And your seatbelt's off.
- But why won't you tell me?
- Why would I tell you?
Because I'd like to know
if there's a squealer
on this plane.
I'd like to know who it is.
I'm not comfortable flying
with a squealer.
Sir, you're not comfortable
with a squealer
yet you're asking me to squeal?
That's a different
kind of squealing.
It seems very hypocritical.
I could see on its face that
- it does seem that way.
- Okay.
But if you examine it,
it's really not.
I'm not gonna squeal
on the squealer, okay?
- And let's keep that phone off.
- Okay. Sure. Yeah.
- Thank you. Good job. Thank you.
- I got it. Yeah.
Okay.
We apologize for the delay.
We are next in line for takeoff.
Flight attendants,
prepare for departure.
Sir? Sir, we need you
to buckle up.
- Huh? What? Huh?
- We need you to buckle up.
- Oh, yeah. No, no.
I was just-- Yeah.
- I know what you were doing.
- Okay. Just gonna stay seated.
Okay?
- Okay.
Hey, you told her
that I was on the phone?
- How dare you
accuse me of squealing?
- Huh? Just asking.
I'm schlepping all the way
to fuckin' Atlanta
to support you,
on my anniversary, no less.
It still doesn't mean
you couldn't have done it,
- even if you are coming
to support me.
- Oh, please.
I have better things to do
than squeal on you.
Well, it's about plane safety.
I'm sure you're interested
in that.
I don't give a shit.
You tell her about my phone?
Was that you?
- You think I did that shit?
- Everyone's a suspect.
- You think I'm a fuckin' snitch?
- I don't think you're above it.
- Oh. It's like that?
- Yeah. It's like that.
Why would I draw attention
when I got
my own fucking phone on?
- Your phone's on?
- Fuck yeah, my phone is on.
- His phone's on.
- His phone, sir?
- Check it out. Check it out.
- Come on. Really?
Look at his phone.
You're squealing on someone now?
Yeah, he's endangering the rest
of the passengers. He is.
Okay. Okay.
Look, it came back on by itself.
- Please turn that off.
- No. He left-- he left it on.
And is your phone now off?
Yes.
Show her. Show your phone.
Show it to her.
Oh, my God. Oh.
- I thought I turned it off.
- That's on.
Can you turn that
onto airplane mode?
- Sure. Yeah.
- Thank you so much.
Larry. Larry.
Yeah?
This guy back here.
What?
Oh, it-- it flipped on.
Why would you do that to me?
Passenger safety.
You're dealing with three
very disturbed individuals here.
Thank you. Everyone,
the plane is taxiing, okay?
I need your phones
to be off or stowed
and seatbelts fastened.
- Okay.
- That's bullshit.
- That's some bullshit.
That's that bullshit.
I watched a few, uh,
Seinfeld episodes
on the plane and shit.
You never told me
it was a show about weekly ass.
It's not a show
about weekly ass.
Jerry just constantly
got ass every week.
You know what I thought it was
from the beginning?
I said, "This ain't a fucking,
uh, TV show."
"This is more
of a fuck documentary."
That's what it felt like.
Yeah, man. And how do you
fuck that much, man?
It's like you need--
you need, like, extra dicks.
Like-- Like you got
your own dick,
but then you gotta have
a backup dick.
A dick should be
interchangeable.
Yeah. Like a pair of glasses.
- It should be like
a pair of glasses.
- Yeah!
You could put one on
in the morning.
Yeah. Quick,
put that motherfucker on.
That way, you ain't wearing out
your original dick.
Like when a lady say,
"Oh, more, more."
"Oh, you want more?
Oh, I-- I'm-- I'mma take
my other dick
out my back pocket."
- See that?
- Right.
Oh. Oh. There's our exit.
Hey, she's not--
She won't let me in.
Hey, let me in. Let me in!
Can we get over?
Hey! Can we get in?
Hey! What's wrong with you?
We're trying to get in!
She's speeding up!
We wanna get off the highway!
Are you kidding me?
What is with this woman?
Won't let us in!
Oh, shit!
Fuck you too!
What?
I just wanna get in!
What kind of person
does something like that?
Fuck you!
Appreciate it.
- Thank you.
Whoo!
Mr. David, pulling for you, man.
- Appreciate it. Thank you.
- You got it, brother.
Look at you, man.
Most popular White man
in America right now.
You don't have to buy
a pack of Kools
for the rest of your life.
- Excellent.
- I'll be back.
Oh, my gosh.
Preston, come here.
- I am so sorry, sir. No--
- Hey, that's fine.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Okay. Preston, what do we say
when we hurt somebody?
It-- it's okay.
It didn't hurt me at all.
No, no, no.
Just one more second. No, no.
- Come on.
We just talked about this.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Okay? We say I'm... s...
- Okay, I-- I--
Uh...
- Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
- I'm...
Please don't help him out.
I want him to learn this. Okay?
- All right. We're good.
Thank you.
- No, no, no. We're not done yet.
We're gonna learn
this lesson here,
'cause this is a really
important lesson.
Hey, hey. We don't have
to learn the lesson,
but I'll tell you what.
If you want me to participate
in this lesson...
- Yeah.
- Okay. Here's my two cents.
Okay. Great. Listen to the man.
I'm 76 years old and I have
never learned a lesson
in my entire life.
Oh-ho!
- Do you think that's helping?
- I do.
That's who we don't wanna be
like, okay? Come on. Let's go.
The trial of
the State of Georgia
versus Larry David
is underway...
- You're kidding me.
- ...with jury selection
beginning tomorrow.
Could you do me a favor?
Could you put on ESPN please?
Thank you.
So why don't you
wanna come with us?
We're going
to Auntie Rae's restaurant.
- It's supposed to be great.
- I know. Send her my love.
But I'm here to see,
you know, Cynthia.
We're getting along great.
In bed, everything is cool.
- We're still great lovers.
- Ugh.
What are you--
Why are you annoyed?
- You can't-- Why can't you--
- That's TMI.
- We don't wanna hear that.
- Why? What is--
'Cause it's a--
It's a picture of you, uh...
- No, no!
- You don't have to picture me.
Picture her!
We don't wanna picture that.
- Why can't I--
- No. Please, no.
I'd rather picture my parents
naked than you naked.
- Don't mention
intercourse anymore.
- Really.
A little bit nauseous.
- Oh, hey.
- Hey, what's up?
Hey, man.
- Scotch.
- So you guys--
It sounds like you were,
like, madly in love.
We were deeply in love.
- Wow.
In fact, so much in love
that when I broke up with her,
- she attempted suicide.
- Ooh.
- Really?
- What?
You're telling me
that if she can't have you,
- she'd rather be dead?
- I guess so.
You know, sometimes
when you break up with someone,
to get pity, they say
they attempted suicide
so the person
will go back with them.
- It's manipulative.
- It's manipulative. Yeah.
Wait a minute. You're doubting
her suicide attempt?
You think
you're suicide material?
- Yeah, yeah. Absolutely.
- Really?
- Richard.
- Hi, beautiful.
- Hi.
- Good to see you, baby.
- Good to see you, too.
- This must be Cynthia.
- It sure is.
- Yes.
- Hi.
- Hi. Susie.
- Susie, nice to meet you.
- My husband, Jeff.
- Hi, Jeff.
- Pleasure.
- Hey.
- It's a pleasure
to meet you.
And Larry. You know Larry.
- It's her.
- Yeah.
Yeah, Larry's over here.
Big shot Larry on the news.
- Larry. Yes.
- Hello.
- And his friend Leon.
- Hi. Yeah.
- Hey, how you doin'?
- I'm good. How are you?
Nice to meet you.
I think we met
earlier today, actually.
On I-85.
I was trying to get over
to the exit.
Yeah.
And, uh, you wouldn't--
you wouldn't let me in.
What-- I don't think I--
Doesn't sound like me.
- Do you have a blue Mercedes?
- I do.
- Huh.
- But it wasn't me.
I wasn't even on I-85 today.
So you just--
You weren't on I-85 today?
I was not on I-85 today.
You know, this is exciting to
hear this Highway Patrol story,
but we're gonna go eat dinner
and have some time...
That's right. Enjoy dinner.
- Say hello to Auntie Rae.
- Enjoy your evening.
It was very nice to meet you.
Thanks for everything.
Both of you.
All right, guys. We gotta go.
We have a reservation.
I know the Highway Patrol theme.
I was singing it.
Go.
That's wonderful, Larr.
If you need anything else,
let me know.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Hi, guys.
- Hello, Cheryl.
How's it going?
- You just got here?
- Yeah.
Wanna come to dinner with us?
We're going to Auntie Rae's.
It's gonna be delicious.
- Oh. No, I'm waiting for Ted.
- Oh.
He's finishing up an interview
because he's protesting
tomorrow.
- Oh, okay.
- On your behalf.
No, he's protesting
on his behalf.
He's not gonna stand by
and let people be mistreated.
off camera
Okay. Anyway, we're gonna go
to dinner after.
Do you know
of any good places around here?
Oh, oh. The Mexican place.
Oh, that place is good,
La Conde.
No, no.
She doesn't like Mexican food.
- No?
- No.
Well, you go to the left
and there's like
a million restaurants.
- We better go, guys,
because you know Auntie Rae.
- All right. Let's go.
You cannot be late
for Auntie Rae.
- See you later, Cher.
- Okay. Yeah. Hey. Excuse me.
Why would you say that?
Huh? Say what?
That I don't like...
...Mexican food.
Well, you don't like
Mexican food.
Don't say it in front of people.
- I told you that in confidence.
- What? Confidence?
I don't know
what your problem with it is.
Because it's personal to me.
- No, that's not personal.
- It is.
Telling people
what sexual positions you like,
that would be personal.
- Just keep it to yourself.
- You don't like funnel cake.
Is it okay
if I tell people that?
- Yes.
- You didn't like the remake
of The Fugitive
with Harrison Ford.
- Can I tell people that?
- Yes.
Okay.
- I won't tell anybody else...
- Thank you.
...that you don't
like Mexican food.
Thank you.
- Are you okay?
- I am.
- I'm not so sure.
- Okay.
She won't let us in.
She sped up.
And no doubt that it was her.
Was it not?
- It was her.
- Huh? She gave us the finger.
We gave her the finger.
Terrible, terrible person.
You know what? I'm--
I'm gonna say something to him.
Oh, don't tell--
Larry, don't be a buttinski
and start telling Richard.
Let him have his illusions,
whatever they are.
You never learn your lesson.
- I don't learn my lesson?
- No, you do not.
When have you ever
learned a lesson?
Okay, I'll tell you when. Okay.
When I was 19 years old,
I was in a bar. I had a drink.
And I looked at the bartender
and I said to him,
"Hey, Captain,
I'll have another,"
and he gave me
like the dirtiest look.
And I've never called
anybody captain since.
Why would you call him captain?
What do you mean why?
You've never called
anybody captain?
Not captain, but I did call
a motherfucker chief,
and then realized
he was a real Indian and shit.
All right. We've got
four Rae's Special Salads.
- Here you go.
- Whoo!
- Thank you.
- Oh, I also brought y'all
some extra salad dressing,
because y'all are gonna love it.
- Hoowee!
- Y'all need anything else?
I think we're good.
Thank you very much.
- All right.
- Good. Thank you.
- Oh, my God.
- You're welcome.
Oh, my God.
This is so delicious.
What is in this that's so good?
- It's great.
- This is the best dressing
I've ever had.
It's really good.
I agree with you.
Oh, my God.
If I had this recipe,
I would make salads every day,
I'd be losing weight like crazy.
- Mm, really good.
- Auntie Rae!
- Hey!
I hope y'all having a good time.
- Oh, yeah.
- Let me tell you something,
Auntie Rae,
this is the best salad dressing
I've ever had in my life.
I'm happy
that you like it, baby.
And I would love to be able
to make it back in LA.
So what's the deal?
What's in it?
Well, you know, baby,
I'm glad you're enjoying it,
but that's one recipe
that they can't pull out of me.
- Oh, come on.
- No.
- Even for you, baby, I don't do.
- Oh, damn.
Mm-mm.
That's just the way it is.
Mic drop!
So, I'll see y'all
in a little bit, all right?
What is in this?
It's so fucking good.
Well, well, well.
I feel like I won
the jury lottery today.
I look around here and I see
nothing but good people.
I can envision having y'all over
on a Sunday after church
for a little barbecue sometime.
Earl Mack. He's good.
He's really good.
But the circumstances today
call for this question.
Who here could see themselves
stealing a loaf of bread
in order to feed
a hungry stranger?
Yeah?
I ask they're all dismissed
for cause.
Dismissed.
Damn it.
- I wanted some of those jurors.
- Yeah. No, she was good.
Defense,
you're up.
- Thank you, Judge.
- Oh, wait. I have some thoughts.
What?
All right.
That guy's got a string tie him.
Let's get rid of him.
No liberal would be caught dead
in a string tie.
Juror number 20, thank you.
Dismissed.
Not loving 22. Big hair.
Shades of Kellyanne Conway.
No good.
Juror 22, dismissed.
- Forty.
That's a Fox watcher.
- Dismissed.
Twenty-three.
You see that comb over?
He's a self-loathing bald man!
He hates himself
and he hates other bald men.
- He's gotta go.
- Okay.
Juror 23, dismissed.
Uh, members of the jury,
as you know, there's lots
of publicity around this case.
As you see the cameras outside,
there's intense media scrutiny.
So we're gonna have
to sequester you.
I know, I know.
We'll give you a nice hotel,
try to make you comfortable.
Oh, sequestering. That's awful.
No watching TV,
no listening to the radio...
I would hate to be
cooped up like that.
I don't think I could take it,
you know?
And I'll bet a lot of them
cheat on it too.
There's probably
a bad sequesterer among them.
- Don't you think?
- Larry, I wouldn't worry
about the jury.
You're the defendant.
And if you get convicted,
you'll be a felon.
Dragnet.
Tomorrow,
the lawyers will give
their opening arguments.
Court adjourned.
It is day one of the trial
of Larry David,
the Seinfeld co-creator
who's run afoul...
- Is that for Larry?
- ...of the new Georgia
voting law
that he views
as partisan, draconian,
- and unconstitutional.
- Thank you very much.
How this plays out
could have major ramifications
for the next election.
- Keep it close.
- Yes, ma'am.
Thank you.
- Hi.
- Hi, Larry.
You got that blue Mercedes, huh?
- Yeah. Nice car.
- Oh, very nice.
That's the exact model
of the car
that wouldn't let me
into the lane.
- That's right. I remember...
- And a woman was driving.
- Huh!
- But it wasn't me.
- What a crazy coincidence.
- Yeah.
So, um, Richard told me
that you once
contemplated, uh,
dare I say, attempted suicide?
Richard told you that?
Yes. Yes.
We're very close.
I tell him everything.
He tells me everything. Yeah.
Yes, I did, Larry.
Why did you do it?
Oh, it was the whole...
the breakup?
It was a very
emotional time for me.
- I was...
- Hmm.
...very much in love with him
- and--
- Him?
- You're Richard's friend?
- Yeah.
And you don't believe anyone
could be in love with him?
No.
Have you ever known love, Larry?
Have you ever known
the loss of a great love?
Oh, I've known love
and I've known loss.
2004, Yankees lost the last
four games to the hated Red Sox.
Devastated for weeks.
Felt like killing myself, actually.
Different kind of love, Larry.
And in 1994, of course,
when the Rangers won the Cup.
Come on. Doesn't get
any better than that.
When Messier
lofted that trophy,
I thought my heart
was gonna burst.
Larry, I was in love
with Richard. I made a choice.
I'm-- I-- I was emotionally
distraught.
And, yes, I did attempt suicide.
How did you do it?
I think you're the first person
who has ever asked me
that question, Larry.
- Really?
- So inappropriate.
You know, you're right.
It would be inappropriate,
if in fact the person actually
attempted suicide.
Oh, so you're saying you don't
believe I attempted suicide?
- How'd you do it?
- I don't remember.
- It was long time ago.
- You don't remember?
Pills, okay?
What kind of pills?
Pink pills.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, I'm sure.
Okay.
Tell Richard I'll be in the car.
Hey, what are you doing sitting
with your back to the door?
Because of my fans.
They just swarm all over me.
Really? You're kind of like
a Beatle in a way, aren't you?
- Can you spread that around?
- Yeah.
Hey, Cynthia, she's waiting
in the car for you.
What do you mean? No,
she's gonna meet me in here.
No, no. I had a little...
I had a little thing with her.
What do you mean?
You know, I asked her
about the, uh, the suicide.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
The woman tried to hang herself.
- Oh, she did?
- Yes.
Well, isn't that curious.
'Cause she told me
she took pills.
Well, what's the difference,
pills, hanging?
What's the difference?
You think somebody
would remember
how they tried
to kill themselves.
Why are you doing this
to me again?
Ruining my potential wives,
ruining my chance
to have children.
- Jeez. Yeah. What?
- I want family.
- How are you gonna do that?
- We'll adopt.
What are you gonna adopt,
a 40-year-old?
Yeah. A doctor.
A doctor?
- A doctor or a lawyer.
Good. Good idea.
- Why not?
- Yeah. Why not?
Well, you better go out.
She's waiting in the car.
You better go out.
Oh, God.
Okay. You ready?
No.
Justice for Larry!
Stop suppressing the vote!
Larry, care to comment
on the trial?
- Can you hear the crowd? Yeah.
- Yes.
Any comment? Larry.
Stop suppressing the vote.
Stop voter suppression!
Stop-- Hold on.
Stop suppressing the vote.
Stop voter suppression!
- What are you doing?
- What do you mean
what am I doing?
What are you doing?
- I can't sit
this one out, Larry.
- Oh, really?
Election Integrity Act?
It's bullshit.
They're stealing votes.
Yeah. You're stealing
the spotlight.
By the way,
why are you telling everybody
that Cheryl
doesn't like Mexican food?
Telling everybody?
What, are you kidding?
I told one person, and so what?
It's not your story
to tell, Larry.
There's no story.
It's not a story.
- What's the shame
in not liking Mexican food?
- Just keep--
- Keep your voice down.
- Why is that bad?
Larry, we gotta go. We gotta go.
- Good luck in there.
- Yeah.
Hi, Mr. Danson.
- Stop suppressing the vote.
- Stop voter suppression!
- Earl.
- Morning, Counsel.
Captain.
Oh, my God.
Will you look at this?
No coasters.
They want you
to respect the law,
but the law
doesn't respect wood.
You see the irony there?
Hey.
Oh, hey.
All rise. The honorable
Judge Whittaker presiding.
Take your seats.
Ready for
your opening statements?
I am, Your Honor.
Counselor, you may proceed.
My grandfather...
told me we are
a country of laws.
That's all we are.
You may not like
the Election Integrity Act,
but that's not the point.
Larry David broke the law.
He's gonna admit that to you
and I'm gonna bring up
a number of witnesses
who are gonna show you
a pattern.
It's not a very nice pattern.
Because Larry David
doesn't respect the law.
He lives outside.
Unrestrained by the guardrails
of human decency.
If we lived
by Larry David's code,
you know what we'd have?
Anarchy.
Who'd like anarchy here?
He'd love it.
Because that man wants
to burn it all down.
I don't know
where he gets that from.
Now, we have to dig deep
and ask ourselves today
whether or not this man
deserves the right
to walk freely among good,
decent, respectable people
like you and me.
Thank you, Counselor.
Larry, you fucked!
Shut the fuck up.
- This motherfucker's good.
- Ms. Sanders?
Yes, Judge.
Did Larry David break the law?
Of course, he did.
And yes, Larry is the one
who's on trial here.
But Larry David is not the one
who should be on trial.
It is this unconscionable,
inhumane law
that should be on trial.
You can't give
another human being water
on a hot day?
The district attorney will say
he broke the law.
Case closed. Simple as that.
But what if the law said
that Black people
have to ride
in the back of the bus
or that Jewish people have
to wear stars on their clothes?
We know this law
is wrong.
Its only purpose is
to scare people off from voting.
It is an insult
to democracy
and it goes against everything
the Bible tells us,
what our parents taught us.
Ask yourself this...
what would Jesus do
if he saw a line of people
sweltering in the heat,
crying out for water?
Would you convict Jesus?
I think we all know
the answer to that.
And if you
wouldn't convict Jesus...
Ha!
...then you can't convict Larry.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ms. Sanders.
- Hey.
- We got 'em.
Good job.
Is the state ready
to call its first witness?
The state calls Joe Boccabella.
Who's Joe Boccabella?
Oh, my God.
That's not Joe Boccabella.
That's Mocha Joe.
Mr. Boccabella,
I understand at one point,
you were in the coffee business?
Yes, I was.
It was called Mocha Joe's.
Maybe you heard of it.
Ever have
a problem with anybody?
Not really. Normal stuff.
Until one day
Larry David came in.
Could you tell us what happened?
He started complaining,
my scones were like muffins,
too soft...
Yeah. They were soft.
...my tables were wobbly,
and that my coffee was cold,
which it was not.
- Objection, Your Honor.
Relevance.
- No. Which it was. It was cold.
- Goes to motivation, Your Honor.
- I'll allow it.
And it ended there?
I wish. He came back in
and he said he was opening up
- what he called The Spite Store.
- Oh, here we go.
A coffee shop, right next door
to my store, Mocha Joe's.
He was trying to put me
out of business.
This almost
sounds fantastical.
It got even worse.
I got a call
in the middle of the night
that Mocha Joe's was on fire.
And when I got there,
he was standing there,
watching my beans burn.
What did you do?
- He burned my beans!
- I didn't burn your beans!
You burned my beans.
Joey Funkhouser started
that fire
with his big new penis.
Mr. David, shut your mouth
or I'll have my bailiff
do it for you.
What's he gonna do?
Hit me?
What are you gonna do?
State would like to call
Matsue Takahashi.
Mr. Takahashi,
could you please tell the jury
what your occupation is?
I own the golf club.
How were Larry David's
interactions
- with the other members?
- Oh, he's always disgruntled.
And, also, he never say fore
when he hit the ball.
One time,
he hit a member in the back
with a golf ball.
- Oh, my God!
- Hey, what the fuck?
And I understand
there was an incident
involving some wildlife
at the club?
Oh, yes.
He killed...
- Hey! Hey! Hey!
- ...my beautiful black swan,
Yoko.
Hey!
The swan attacked me!
It was kill or be killed.
- You're a murderer. Murderer!
- It was self-defense.
Order!
The state is honored
to call Lieutenant Colonel
Alexander Vindman.
Lieutenant Colonel Vindman,
I understand you have
a long history
of uncovering corruption.
I reported
President Donald Trump
when he was sitting president
and he attempted to extort,
in a quid pro quo,
President Zelenskyy,
who's now fighting
a war against Russia,
and President Trump
ended up being impeached.
I continue to expose corruption
wherever I find it,
and I will not tolerate
corruption
from Trump, Putin,
or Larry David.
Come on.
Trump, Putin, and Larry David?
That's an unusual combination.
I overheard Larry David
attempting to bribe
a Santa Monica
city councilwoman.
It was a perfect call.
A perfect call.
Vindman, Takahashi,
they fly all the way out here
to do that?
They fly to Atlanta?
I don't know.
What are we gonna do?
What am I gonna do?
This is looking bad.
Well, if I think of something,
I'll let you know.
I gotta get going.
Tomorrow's my anniversary
and Susie made these
big dinner plans for us tonight,
fancy restaurant.
And you know what?
I gotta get her a gift.
I don't even know
what the fuck to get her.
Another one? You just got her
a birthday gift.
I know. Yes.
She loved that--
She loved that salad dressing.
Couldn't get the recipe
from Auntie Rae.
- That'd be a good gift.
- Yeah. That's a great gift.
I know,
but she's not gonna give it out.
She said no.
I'm gonna give it
a little bit of a try.
What are you talking about?
- Watch a man in action.
Hey, there. It's Rae's.
How may I help you?
My name is Journey Gunderson.
My wife is in the hospital
because of the dressing
on your salad.
Oh, my goodness.
There are numerous doctors
and we need to know
what's in that dressing.
Mr. Gunderson, we never give
that recipe out, sir.
You need to let us know.
Oh, that's her.
She's in so much pain.
Ah!
Journey!
The doctors need to know
the specific ingredients.
Journey!
- I'm-- I'm-- I'm--
I'm sorry. Mr. McGunderman,
is that your wife?
That was Karen Gunderson.
She's all catawampus.
- I'm sorry. All kind of what?
- Catawampus.
Wampus? What the heck is wampus,
Mr. Gurney Manunderson?
Hang in there.
Uh, Karen Gunderson,
honey, me and your husband,
Gurney Germerny,
we gon' get you better, baby.
Now, listen here.
It's a tablespoon of vinegar.
One tablespoon vinegar.
And I use, yeah, three teaspoons
- of the olive oil.
- Yeah.
And some clove garlic.
And I use a half a teaspoon
of Dijon mustard, a dollop...
What is this?
Auntie Rae's salad dressing.
Aw, that is so thoughtful.
How'd you get this?
Love finds a way.
Oh, baby doll.
But, wait. There's more.
- More? More?
- Oh, more.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Happy anniversary.
- What is this?
- What? What-- What is this?
It's a recipe.
- Oh, the recipe!
- It's the recipe
for the salad dressing.
- You got the recipe.
- Oh, my God.
- How did you get
the fucking recipe?
- It's the recipe.
This is the best gift
you've ever given.
Better than any kind
of poem or sonnet.
You're the best husband
in the whole world.
What about this young man
- from Chicago, huh?
- Mm-hmm. Oh, I love this.
Look at this.
- Oh. Hi, Leon.
- Oh, boy.
Look who's here.
- You know what it is.
- Yeah, what?
That motherfucking Seinfeld,
man.
I've been catching up
on that shit.
Binge watching
that bullshit, man.
Oh, yeah? What do you--
What do you think?
Man, this goddamn Kramer, man,
he's too much, man.
Walk into your fucking house
unannounced and shit.
- Yeah.
- You might as well take off
the fucking door
and put a fucking saloon door
on that bitch.
You know what I'm saying?
This motherfucker
just walking in when he want to.
So what's gonna happen today?
Is it gonna be better
than yesterday?
'Cause yesterday was a disaster.
- I mean, a disaster.
- Yeah.
I think this judge really
has it in for me.
He really does.
- What's it gonna be?
- I don't know.
Anything you could do about it?
What? What?
- I don't know.
- You know what you need?
- Sympathy.
- Oh, really?
Let me tell you a little story
about Horsecock Williams.
This motherfucker's always
in trouble.
Always in fucking court.
Know what he fucking does?
He'll come in the courtroom
in a wheelchair.
And he rolls in there slow
and fucking shaking and shit.
Everybody's like,
"Oh, my God. That poor man."
The judge is touched.
The bailiff is touched.
Sketch artist
is fucking bawling so bad
that the sketch is blurry.
And that motherfucker wins
every fucking time.
This motherfucker wins.
He is a sympathy snatcher.
Wow.
Horsecock is fucking amazing.
He had an idea about
getting wheelchair hookers,
put 'em out on the street
and shit. You know what I mean?
Have you ever had sex
with a woman in a wheelchair?
'Cause I have.
Have you ever tapped some ass
on crutches?
You ever crutch fuck?
That's like fucking an animal
'cause the crutches
are an extra set of legs.
Shit. Break that ass off, huh?
Wheelchair hookers,
there's a market
for every fucking thing.
He always had great ideas
and shit.
Motherfucker's innovative.
Horsecock is fucking amazing.
Day two of the trial is underway
and it's up to the jury
to decide
what kind of man Larry David is.
We're expecting even more
witnesses from the prosecution.
Free Larry. Free Larry.
Jurors, I wanna remind you
not to discuss
this case with anyone
until deliberations begin.
You'll have an opportunity
to deliberate--
Get your fucking hands off me.
I got it. I got it.
I'm fine. I'm not helpless.
Oh, my God. Look at this.
She came, she came.
- Oh, you're here.
- What is going on?
- Honey. You came.
- Yeah.
- I'm here.
- Look, look, look, look.
Honey's here.
Why didn't you tell me?
I would've carried you
up the steps.
- It's fine. It's fine.
- Oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Such a brave girl.
Oh, my God, what a surprise.
Who is that?
Just go with it.
Are you through?
May we continue?
I'm sorry, Your Honor.
My sweetheart just arrived.
She got hit by a bus
a few months ago
and she was lying on the ground,
I rushed over.
I gave her
mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
And I carried her to my car.
Not that easy.
Took her to the hospital,
we fell in love
and I moved to Pacoima
to be with her.
And look at her, the poor thing.
I saved her life.
Tell-- Tell him I saved--
You just told him.
- Yeah, we're in love.
- Yeah.
He's great.
He's a... He's a wonderful man.
And the... the animals...
- Oh, oh! Oh.
- Oh, yeah.
- He works in an animal shelter.
- The animal shelter. Yeah, yeah.
- And the kids...
- And, uh-- Oh, the disable--
- He works with disabled kids.
- Disabled kids.
Oh, he walks in, "Larry's here!"
They'd all jump up
if they could jump.
All right, enough. Uh, please.
Uh, prosecution, you got
any more witnesses to call?
Yes. We would like to call, uh,
witness Rachel Heineman, please.
Could you please state
your name for the record?
Rachel Raheli Shuli
Hamda Sarala Heineman.
And how do you know
the defendant?
I was unfortunate enough to be
on a ski lift with the accused.
And for some reason,
Hashem decided
to stop the ski lift
as shkiyat hachamah,
that's sundown,
was approaching,
and as a woman,
I'm not allowed
to be with a man after sundown.
So I informed him...
Somebody's gonna have to jump.
- To which he said...
- What, are you fucking nuts?
And so I was forced...
...to jump 45 feet.
I broke both my knees,
my ankles.
I put together a little diagram.
I'm still traumatized.
Yeah.
Larry David pissed on a portrait
of Jesus Christ in my home.
What?
He tinkled on it.
- He sprayed Jesus.
- Oh!
And not just a little.
He came to our restaurant.
He screamed.
Larry David is a sad senior
with long balls
and mental issues.
You've seen the big piles
of shoes in a Holocaust museum.
What kind of monster
takes some of those shoes
out of there and wears them?
Who can do that?
What kind of guy is Larry David?
He's the kind of man
who carelessly,
maybe even maliciously,
had me drink from his glass
and gave me COVID.
He gave me COVID.
- Bullshit.
- Ruining the biggest night of my
and some of my fans' lives.
And he doesn't give a damn.
And I still can't smell
a fucking thing.
State would like to call
- Tara Michaelson.
- Who's that?
- I don't know.
- Ms. Michaelson,
how many years of therapy
have you had?
I started therapy
when I was about nine.
So, um, 21 years.
And is there
one particular incident?
When I was
about eight years old,
I went with my parents
to a movie premiere.
And right before
the movie started,
I went by myself
to the women's restroom.
And I found
Larry standing there.
- Hello.
- Thank you
for fixing Judy's hair.
Oh, you're welcome.
He gave me a hug.
Mommy! Mommy!
That bald man's in the bathroom
and there's something hard
in his pants.
Thank you, Ms. Michaelson.
I believe the prosecution rests,
Your Honor.
The defense will now call
their first witness, please.
Yes, Your Honor,
I'd like to call Rae Black.
That's my auntie right there.
She carries candy in her bra.
If we're all lucky,
we're gonna get
some of that titty-taffy.
I'm so glad she's here.
So far, it's been a disaster.
It was supposed to be so easy.
Now, it's all gone catawampus.
- What was that?
- Ah!
What is happening?
Mrs. Black,
Larry David gave you water
on that hot day.
But it's not the first time
he took care of you.
He took you and your family
in after Hurricane Katrina.
Well, his wife did.
But you did live with him
for quite some time.
It's true.
Long enough for him
to use the N-word around me.
He did that shit.
- What?
- And long enough for him
to hug me and have a hard-on,
an erection that he
- was rubbing all up against me.
- We don't need
to talk about that.
And the last time I saw him,
he was carting around
a Black lawn jockey.
- Move to strike, Your Honor.
- No, no, no.
- That's her witness, Your Honor.
- Denied. It's your witness,
you're stuck
with the answers she give.
Why is she doing this
to you, Larr?
And another thing.
No, no, no.
No further questions.
Thank you, Ms. Sanders.
What the hell?
You sons of bitches. It was you!
I know it was you,
Bernie Bonderman,
and you, Karen Bonderman,
trying to steal my recipe.
- How could you?
- You stole that recipe, Jeff?
No.
- You stole the recipe?
- No, I didn't--
Fuck you, Larry David.
- Ms. Black--
- And fuck
your monkey ass-friend...
- Miss--
- ...Bashiba Munderman.
Ms. Black, I will have order
in this court.
You know what, fuck it!
You lying piece of shit, Jeff.
That is the lowest form
of anything I've ever heard.
Stealing a fucking
anniversary gift.
Take that recipe, Jeff,
and shove it up
your fat fucking ass.
Oh, my God. She's walking.
She's walking!
It's a miracle. It's a--
Look, it's just a miracle.
How did she do it?
I can't even believe it.
- Walking.
- Order.
- She's walking. Oh. Oh.
- Mr. David.
- Oh. She's walking.
That's enough,
Mr. David.
Pick this up tomorrow.
This day is over.
Massive protests outside
the Atlanta courthouse today,
- including multiple
Emmy-winning actor Ted Danson.
- Stop voter suppression!
These are a little tight.
There you go. Freedom to vote.
-Maybe Ted Danson gives a damn
about democracy...
- Yeah.
...that's why people love him.
That's why people respect him.
Mika...
-I know.
- That's why the guy's my hero.
-Yeah. He's an amazing actor.
- Oh, I love you, guys.
No, no, don't,
don't touch the hair.
What if Ted Danson had given
that woman in the line water,
instead of Larry David?
I think everything
would be different, right?
Larr!
Yeah.
Likability, certainly...
- Hey, you made it. Oh!
- Look at you. Oh, my God.
- Hey.
- Oh, my God.
It's a bottle of water.
I mean, it's not your fault.
- Exactly. I didn't do anything.
- Pure, decent human being
is all you're trying to be.
- Let that be a lesson to me.
- Right.
So, how are you getting
through this?
You're sitting in court all day?
- Yeah.
- Well, what do you think about?
- Let me give you a hypothetical.
- Okay.
Suppose you're friends
with someone
- who's in the circus.
- Sure.
- He knows
the bearded lady very well.
- Okay.
And you go to the performance
at the Garden, he says,
"Hey, the bearded lady's having
a little shindig,
- why don't you join us?"
- A little get-together.
You go to
the bearded lady's apartment.
- It's a normal apartment.
- Nothing freakish.
- No, nothing freakish at all.
- Yeah.
You wouldn't know you were
in a freak's apartment.
- No.
- Okay.
Now, you see this picture.
- This gorgeous woman.
- Yeah.
And your friend says to you,
"That's the bearded lady."
- She has no beard.
- Clean-shaven bearded lady.
She's quitting the circus.
She's got a big crush on you.
- Really?
- She'd love to go out with you.
- She's gonna start shaving.
- Really?
- But at the party
when we're there...
- At the party.
- ...she's got the beard on.
- She's got the beard on.
- Rabbinical?
- Very rabbinical.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah. Wow.
Yeah. Any interest?
- She's sexy.
- Everything.
- Charming.
- Got it all.
- Wow.
- The kind of woman
- you used to dream about...
- Yeah.
- ...when you were a teenager.
- Fly in the ointment, though.
- Yeah.
And this is a big fly,
and he's alive.
What's the worst
that could happen?
The worst that could happen
is it's a paper napkin...
...and she wipes her mouth,
and, uh, there's some--
part of it snags.
Is there
a Fred Flintstone kind of line?
- No, there's no line.
- No line?
No, there's no line.
She gets a good shave.
- Electric or blade?
- Blade. She shaves every day.
But at the end of the day,
she's five o'clock shadow lady.
She'll shave twice a day
for you.
What if I happen
to be home at 4:30?
Guess who's on the ledge.
Today, Larry David
will take the stand,
and he will get a chance
to explain
his motivations on election day.
And defend himself
from the accusations
hurled at him
by yesterday's witnesses.
Larry David...
Mr. David has got
his work cut out for him,
the picture that's been painted
by the prosecution so far
is that of a petty, conniving,
and, frankly,
spiteful man.
And how hot was it
that day?
- It was a scorcher.
- Mm.
Even I was sweating,
and let me tell you something,
I don't sweat,
it's the craziest thing.
Like I could be playing
basketball in the summer,
I won't sweat.
You know,
occasionally for some reason,
I'll sweat during intercourse
sometimes, which is odd.
- You know, all of a sudden,
"Oh, I'm sweating!" You know?
- He needs to stop talking.
And how long
was the line to vote?
It was really long.
All those people
having to wait in the hot sun.
No trees.
No grass.
And was there any shade?
No shade.
I know I speak
for Ms. Black and all of us
when I say thank you
for your actions.
Oh, God bless you.
And may God bless us all.
- Yes. Yes.
- Thank you, Ms. Sanders.
- Prosecution, you got a cross?
- Yes, Your Honor.
Proceed.
Let's talk about laws,
Mr. David.
Do you ever remember
taking anything
that didn't belong to you?
You ever remember
stealing anything?
- No. No.
- No?
- You don't remember
taking flowers...
- No.
- ...from a dead woman's...
...memorial?
Oh, that? Well...
Do you remember taking
a golf club out of a coffin?
It was my 5-wood.
You pried the club
out of a dead man's hand?
Okay. So you know
when you get attached to a club,
you don't wanna give it up
even if it's in a coffin?
Well, that was that 5-wood
for me.
Did you ever bribe
a city councilman?
Do you remember breaking in
to the house
of the head of the city council
in order to take a letter
from Mr. Vindman
that incriminated you?
Ladies and gentlemen,
Larry David undermines
our free and fair elections.
He is exactly
who the Election Integrity Act
was built to protect us from.
- Objection, Your Honor.
- Overruled.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Let's go back
to the year 2000,
if we could, please.
Larry David, this is
from the Los Angeles Times.
It's an obituary written by you.
Could you read it
to the jury please, sir?
"Devoted sister, beloved cunt."
Huh?
It's a typo. Don't you see?
It's a typo.
The fact is...
...I've heard that she actually
was a bit of a cunt.
But that's still no excuse
to put that in a newspaper.
I have no further questions.
Thank you, Counselor.
- I've talked to Larry
about Seinfeld and shit.
- Mm-hmm.
So...
my question is,
where the fuck are the tapes at?
- Tapes?
- Larr-- The tapes.
Larry won't give that shit up.
The tapes.
- What tapes?
- The fuck tapes.
You know what the fuck
I'm talking about.
- No, I don't.
- Every week,
you getting new ass, right?
Every fucking show...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...you meet some new chick.
- Well.
- And I know you fucking.
- You probably fucking people.
- Mm-hmm.
I did. I did. I had 'em all.
- Of course, man.
- Yeah.
- Come on.
- And it's all on tape.
I don't know how you knew.
I figured that shit out,
that's why.
Yeah. Yeah.
But they're on laser disc.
- Oh!
- Do you have a player?
- Fuck me, man.
- Yeah, sorry.
- No way to convert that shit
to something else?
- Yeah. No.
That's a shame.
It's 13 unbelievable hours.
- What a fucking waste, man.
- Yeah.
I might sell it to Netflix.
But it doesn't change the fact
that this law
is unconstitutional.
Yes, Larry David
did a lot of things wrong.
But this time,
he did something right.
And now,
you have the opportunity
to do something right too.
Thank you.
- Look at her.
- Terrific.
Thank you, Counselor.
Mr. Mack.
- Yes, Your Honor.
- Wow. That was great.
I know some of you
may not like this law.
But he broke it.
And this is
an incredible opportunity
to put away somebody before
they hurt other good people.
We are just scratching
the surface of the depths
that this monster will go to.
There's a police report
that exists
stating that Larry David
would not give candy
- to children on Halloween.
- Trick or treat.
I don't-- I don't think so.
- God, asshole! Fuck you.
- Thanks for nothing, asshole.
He broke into a graveyard
to move his mother's body.
- This is nice.
- Oh, yeah?
He brought a sex offender
to a Passover seder.
He ate a dying dog's last meal.
Oh, that is really good.
And he fornicated...
...with a blowup doll
in broad daylight.
Oh, my God.
I made you a pillow sham.
- He taught a child
how to make a swastika.
- What the...
What was his name again,
Larry?
Hitler?
- Get in the car.
- He hired a prostitute
so that he could drive
in the carpool lane.
I had sex with my uncle.
And he pretended
to be an incest survivor...
named Todd.
This man was asked to go
to a dinner and just be cordial
and he couldn't even do that, folks.
He couldn't even be cordial.
Good people,
you have one decision to make.
I trust you'll make
the right one.
Thank you, Mr. Mack.
Jury will now begin
their deliberations.
All rise.
Court is adjourned.
How you feeling?
Confident.
Jerry. Jerry Seinfeld.
- Oh, my word. Sorry, man.
- Hey, how you doing?
Can I have two seconds
of your time, please?
I can't. I'm having dinner
with my friends.
My name's Michael Fouchay.
I'm actually
a legitimate businessman.
- I run Fouchay Enterprises.
- All right.
You might have heard of us.
- We own several businesses.
- I have not,
but I like the accent.
- South African?
- Yes.
- Yeah, I like that accent.
- I'm amazed you recognize it.
- Yeah, I do.
- Thank you.
I mean, I think accents
in general are moronic.
- Right.
- Why don't you talk the way
we talk?
You're here. You can hear it.
Listen, my brother's
having a birthday.
He's turning 40.
I've got a lovely house.
No one ever turned 40 before.
Yeah, go ahead.
You come, you smile,
take a few photos,
shake a few hands,
just be cordial.
Yeah. Can't do it.
- Why not?
- Can't be cordial.
Um... Uh...
- Uh, excuse me. No, I'm sorry.
- Oh. Excuse me. Pardon me.
- No, go ahead. No, I'm so sorry.
- So sorry. No, you go.
- No, go ahead.
- Hey, you know,
you look a lot like Joe Pesci.
- Anybody ever tell you that?
- Really?
- Yeah.
- You think I'm fucking funny?
- You think I'm a clown?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Am I here
to make you fucking laugh?
Yeah, that's what he says
in the...
The jury has reached a verdict
in the trial of the people
of the state of Georgia
versus Larry David.
It's not about what this man
has done or the poor decisions
he's made in the past,
it is about this heinous
and needlessly cruel law.
Huh?
- You're here?
- Hey, LD.
Don't worry.
I broke up with Cynthia.
Oh, jeez. Really?
That's too bad.
Yeah, well,
I'm a little worried.
- She bought a gun.
- She's gonna kill herself?
No. You.
That's funny.
It's not a joke.
Hey, man.
I binged
all those Seinfeld episodes.
Oh, yeah?
All I got left
is the fucking finale.
Wow.
Although, I heard
some terrible things about it.
I heard you fucked it up.
- All rise.
- Good luck today, man.
Ladies and gentlemen
of the jury,
- have you reached a verdict?
- We have, Your Honor.
I don't understand,
why does the judge
have to peek at it?
Yeah, and I gotta see it,
and then ma-- then you go back.
This makes no sense.
Yeah.
They can't make two copies?
On the charge of violating
the Election Integrity Act,
how do you find the defendant?
We find the defendant guilty.
- What?
- Oh, come on.
- This is a travesty of justice.
- Come on.
Oh, my God.
Mr. David,
seems you have a history
of doing the same things wrong
over and over.
And I truly hope this time
you finally learned your lesson.
And to make sure of that,
I'm gonna sentence you
to the maximum the law allows.
One year in prison.
- What? Come on. Seriously?
- Larry, look.
When you get there,
get a job at the library.
No, I think the infirmary.
Maybe something
in reception.
"Hello, jail. Can I help you?"
Bailiff.
Take Mr. David into custody.
Hey, Larry. Don't worry.
I'm gonna take real, real
good care of that house of ours.
- Oh, my God.
- Bye, Larr.
Hey,
let me ask you something.
What do you do about,
you know, toothpaste
and shaving cream and Q-tips?
Is-- Is there a store
or is it like a hotel
where they just leave it out
for you?
And can I bring
my own toilet paper?
Oh, and my phone charger.
Leon, Leon,
I need my phone charger.
- You don't got a charger.
- I loaned it to you.
- I gave it back.
- Bullshit! That's my charger!
I should probably go do
some interviews.
Where should we eat?
Hey. Look at this.
That happens to me too.
- What do you call that?
- It's a pants tent.
- Pants tent.
- Yeah.
I got a five-inch bunch up here.
You know something,
I stopped wearing corduroys
because of that.
Yeah, I'm wearing corduroys now.
Yeah, and women,
they don't know
what a pants tent is.
They-- It could lead
to misunderstandings.
They get confused.
Hey.
Somebody's here to see you.
All right, Chuckles.
Let's get you out of here.
- What? Wait.
- Yeah.
What are you-- What are you--
What are you talking about?
It's over.
- It's over?
- You're a free man.
- I'm a free man?
- That's right.
- How am I a free man?
- I'll tell you how.
You know that Mexican restaurant
near the hotel?
I go there
to get something to eat.
I don't even like Mexican food.
That's okay.
I won't tell anybody.
- What do I care?
- Well, some people care.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Anyway, there's this guy there,
looks like Joe Pesci.
So I go up to him,
talking to him.
I go you really look like Pesci
- from Goodfellas.
- Yeah.
He goes, "Oh, what am I,
a clown for you?"
I go, "Ah, that's a Pesci line."
- Yeah, yeah.
- You know?
- He doesn't like that too much.
- Uh-huh.
Anyway, today in the courtroom,
I look in the jury box.
That's that guy. Same guy.
The hair, Pesci.
Yeah, yeah,
that's the guy in the jury.
- The juror. I know that guy.
- Yeah.
- The big pompadour. Yeah, yeah.
- With the hair.
Yeah, yeah.
He's not supposed to be
in a Mexican restaurant
because he's under sequester.
- He broke his sequester?
- Broke his sequester.
- He's supposed to sequester.
- He's a bad sequesterer.
- You can't not sequester
- when you're supposed
to sequester, right?
- You should be sequestering.
Yeah. I tell the judge,
judge calls the restaurant,
they look
at the security footage.
Mistrial declared.
Sentence thrown out.
You're done.
How about that, sport fans?
Uh-- I-- Well, you know...
Come on.
- Ah!
- I mean, crazy.
You don't wanna end up
like this.
Nobody wants to see it.
Trust me.
Wow.
Breathe the free air, young man.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
This is how
we should've ended the finale.
Oh, my God, you're right.
How did we not think of that?
Ladies and gentlemen,
we've reached our cruising...
Wow.
- Yeah.
- Try that one.
- You know what?
- Yeah.
Handcuffs look tight
on that one.
They do. Did they hurt?
- Uh-uh.
- No?
Montgomery Clift.
- Whoo! Hey.
- Hey, what is that?
- I need it for the light.
I need it to read.
- The what? I'm--
I'm trying to read.
I can't see. You're blinding me.
Well, I need it to read.
I need--
Why don't you use
the overhead light?
Just let her keep the shade up.
I'm trying to watch a movie,
all I see is glare.
It's like I'm watching
a fucking radio right now.
My retinas are burning.
This is bullshit.
Cheryl and I want it open.
It's a community shade.
She doesn't own that shade.
- Go fuck yourself, Larr.
- We'll take a vote.
Go back to fucking jail, Larry.
- Oh, nice. That's nice.
- I vote with them.
- It's not your window.